README.md, before:

# The Nature of Code (2024 Edition): Code Examples in C++ (openFrameworks)

This repository is an **ongoing** effort to port code examples for Daniel Shiffman's book [the Nature of Code (2024 Edition)](https://natureofcode.com/) from JavaScript ([p5.js](https://p5js.org/)) to C++ ([openFrameworks](https://openframeworks.cc/)).

## How do I run these examples?

1. Download openFrameworks v0.12.0 for your desired platform (e.g. `osx` for macOS) from the [openFrameworks download page](https://openframeworks.cc/download/) and unzip it. You should see a folder like `of_v0.12.0_platform_release/` (e.g. `of_v0.12.0_osx_release/` for macOS).
2. [Download my experiments repository](https://github.com/jackbdu/computer-graphics/archive/refs/heads/main.zip), unzip it, and place the extracted folder (`nature-of-code-experiments-main/`) into the `of_v0.12.0_platform_release/apps/` folder.
3. Use the projectGenerator app in `of_v0.12.0_platform_release/projectGenerator/` to update each sketch folder (e.g. `Example_0_1_Random_Walk/`) before compiling and running it in your preferred IDE.

_For additional guides, you can refer to the [openFrameworks learning page](https://openframeworks.cc/learning/)._

Commit message:

add link to original js examples

README.md, after:

# The Nature of Code (2024 Edition): Code Examples in C++ (openFrameworks)

This repository is an **ongoing** effort to port code examples for Daniel Shiffman's book [the Nature of Code (2024 Edition)](https://natureofcode.com/) from JavaScript ([p5.js](https://p5js.org/)) to C++ ([openFrameworks](https://openframeworks.cc/)).

The original JavaScript code examples can be found on [the Nature of Code's Examples page](https://natureofcode.com/examples/).

## How do I run these examples?

1. Download openFrameworks v0.12.0 for your desired platform (e.g. `osx` for macOS) from the [openFrameworks download page](https://openframeworks.cc/download/) and unzip it. You should see a folder like `of_v0.12.0_platform_release/` (e.g. `of_v0.12.0_osx_release/` for macOS).
2. [Download my experiments repository](https://github.com/jackbdu/computer-graphics/archive/refs/heads/main.zip), unzip it, and place the extracted folder (`nature-of-code-experiments-main/`) into the `of_v0.12.0_platform_release/apps/` folder.
3. Use the projectGenerator app in `of_v0.12.0_platform_release/projectGenerator/` to update each sketch folder (e.g. `Example_0_1_Random_Walk/`) before compiling and running it in your preferred IDE.

_For additional guides, you can refer to the [openFrameworks learning page](https://openframeworks.cc/learning/)._
